{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red64\green11\blue217;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c32308\c18668\c88227;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26340\viewh13680\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 01. Create 5 students with the appropriate info.\
\
	db.students.insert(\{name: "fran", home_state:"la", lucky_number: 2, birthday:\{month: 2, day: 13, year: 1980 \}\})\
\
	db.students.insert(\{name:"brad", home_state:"il", lucky_number: 7, birthday: \{month: 12, day: 23, year: 1928\}\})\
\
	db.students.insert(\{name: "tom", home_state:"wy", lucky_number: 6, birthday: \{month: 5, day: 23, year: 1978
\f1\b \cf4 \cb3 \}
\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \})\
\
	db.students.insert(\{name: \'93ben\'94, home_state:\'94fl\'94, lucky_number: 3, birthday: \{month: 12, day: 12, year: 1988
\f1\b \cf4 \cb3 \}
\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \})\
\
	db.students.insert(\{name: \'93betty\'94, home_state:\'94ca\'94, lucky_number: 4, birthday: \{month: 11, day: 25, year: 1983\}\})\
\
\
02. Get all students.\
	db.students.find()\
\
\
03. Retrieve all students who are from California\
	db.students.find(\{home_state: "ca"\})\
\
04. Get all students whose lucky number is:\
		\
		greater than 3\
			db.students.find(\{lucky_number: \{$gt: 3\}\})\
\
		less than or equal to 10\
			db.students.find(\{lucky_number: \{$lte: 10\}\})\
\
		between 1 and 9 (inclusive)\
			db.students.find(\{lucky_number: \{$gt: 0, $lt:10\}\})\
\
05. Add a field to each student collection called 'interests' that is an ARRAY.  It should contain the following entries: 'coding', 'brunch', 'MongoDB'. Do this in ONE operation.\
	db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$set: \{interests: ["codng", "brunch", "MongoDB"]\}\})\
\
06. Add some unique interests for each particular students into each of their interest arrays.\
	db.students.update(\{name: "tom"\}, \{$push: \{interests: "baseball"\}\})\
\
07. Add the interest 'taxes' into someone's interest array\
	db.students.update(\{name: "tom"\}, \{$push: \{interests: "taxes"\}\})\
\
08. Remove the 'taxes' interest you just added.\
	db.students.update(\{name: "tom"\}, \{$pop: \{interests: "taxes"\}\})\
\
09. Remove all students who are from California (or Washington)\
	db.students.remove(\{home_state: "ca"\})\
\
10. Remove a student whose lucky number is greater than 5 (JUST ONE)\
	db.students.remove(\{lucky_number: \{$gt: 5\}\}, true)\
\
11. Add a field to each student collection called 'number_of_belts' and set it to 0\
	db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$set: \{number_of_belts: 0\}\})\
\
12. Rename the 'number_of_belts' field to 'belts_earned' \
	db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$rename: \{"number_of_belts": "belts_earned"\}\})\
\
13. Remove the 'lucky_number' field.\
	db.students.update(\{\}, \{$unset: \{lucky_number: ""\}\})\
	db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$unset: \{lucky_number: ""\}\})\
\
14. Add a 'updated_on' field, and set the value as the current date\
	db.students.updateMany(\{\}, \{$set: \{updated_on: new Date()\}\})\
\
\
	\
\
	\
			}